Remove RegistrationProfile class and handle migration (#24215)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/upgrading/topics/keycloak/changes-23_0_0.adoc

```
bin/kc.sh start --db postgres --db-username keycloak --db-url "jdbc:postgresql://localhost:5432/keycloak?ssl=false&connectTimeout=30" --db-password keycloak --hostname localhost
```

= Removed RegistrationProfile form action

The form action `RegistrationProfile` (displayed in the UI of authentication flows as `Profile Validation`) was removed from the codebase and also from all authentication flows. By default, it was in

> the built-in registration flow of every realm. The validation of user attributes as well as creation of the user including all his attributes is handled by `RegistrationUserCreation` form action and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the built-in registration flow of every realm. The validation of user attributes as well as creation of the user including all that user's attributes is handled by `RegistrationUserCreation` form action and
```
